frogr - A Flickr Remote Organizer for GNOME
-------------------------------------------

Frogr intends to be a complete GNOME application to remotely manage a
flickr account from the desktop.

To get the source, please checkout the git repository at gnome.org:

    git clone git://git.gnome.org/frogr

To work properly, frogr needs some libraries to be installed first:

 - glib (version 2.22 or higher)
 - gtk+ (version 2.16 or higher)
 - libxml (version 2.6.8 or higher)
 - libsoup (version 2.26 or higher)
 - libexif (version 0.6.14 or higher)

-------------------------------------------

Website: http://live.gnome.org/Frogr

Source: git://git.gnome.org/frogr

Mailing list: http://mail.gnome.org/mailman/listinfo/frogr-list

-------------------------------------------

Frogr is Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Mario Sanchez Prada

http://live.gnome.org/Frogr

See AUTHORS file for details on authors

frogr is Free Software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3 as
published by the Free Software Foundation.

frogr is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

See the COPYING file for more details.

-------------------------------------------

Frogr's Flickr API implementation (we call it "flicksoup", located
under src/flicksoup) is Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Mario Sanchez Prada

Flicksoup is Free Software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License version 3 as
published by the Free Software Foundation.

Flicksoup is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

See the src/flicksoup/COPYING file for more details.

Note: we distribute the flicksoup files under LGPLv3 instead of GPLv3,
as it happens with the rest of the files in the project, because the
idea is to release it at some point as a library independent from
frogr. However, at the point flicksoup is in an early stage of
development, entirely driven by frogr's needs, so it makes sense to
keep it as part of the project for the time being.

-------------------------------------------

Some parts of the Frogr's Flickr API implementation (under
src/flicksoup) based on source code from the libsoup library,
licensed as LGPLv2 (Copyright 2008 Red Hat, Inc.)

The specific theme customizations for the MacOSX version of
frogr through a gtkrc file were taken from the Banshee project
(http://banshee.fm), written by Aaron Bockover <abockover@novell.com>
and released under the MIT/X11 license (Copyright 2010 Novell, Inc.)

-------------------------------------------


