.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH frogr 1 "2010\-12\-23"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
frogr \- a Flickr Remote Organizer for GNOME
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B frogr
.I [project-URI|media-URIs]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B frogr
command.
.PP
.B frogr
is a small application for the GNOME desktop that allows users to
manage their accounts in the Flickr image hosting website. It supports
all the basic tasks, including uploading pictures and videos, adding
descriptions, setting tags and managing sets.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B project-URI
Full uri for a project file containing a previously saved session.
.TP
.B media-URIs
Full uris for pictures and videos to be loaded along with the application.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/frogr/accounts.xml
frogr accounts file.
.TP
.I ~/.config/frogr/settings.xml
frogr settings file.
.SH AUTHOR
This manpage has been written by Alberto Garcia <agarcia@igalia.com>
and Mario Sanchez Prada <msanchez@gnome.org>
